Good day my dear viewer! 
My name is Adhitya and i made this crude yet working (hopefully) peice of code to change your desktop wallpaper at predetermined times.
I intent to use this space and occupy your attension to explain more about this code.

Intro:

This code looks into a directory, where your desired pictures are present, and then at certain time intervals displays them. In more detail, the code
makes lost of the file location of the pictures and when it is time will "spin" a random number and display the picture of which correspond to the positon 
on the list.


NOTE: make sure you pip install the required modules! Google should provide the command line, just copy paste into the termimal

Now we can go into the modes.

Basic file dictory system: 
The code has been set up to take pictures from 4 seperate file directories. Let us lable the first 3 morning, afternoon and evening (this will make sense
in a minute) and the last being "test". Now all 4 directories must be under 1 root directory for the code to work. 
Here is the required tree structure
root dict
  >Morning dict
    >Morning pictures
  >Aft dict
    >Aft pics
  >Night dict
    >Night pictures
  >Mode 2 dict
For those using pycharm here is how i set up my dict (u can try something diff but i cant garentie if it works)
Code folder
  >idea
  >venv
  >main.py
  >Root dict
    >Morning
    >Aft
    >night
    >Mode 2 dict
    



Mode 1:

This function asks the user to input a morning, afternoon and night start and end time.
From the morning start to morning end - it will display a random picture from the morning file. Same happens for the afternoon and evening.
However an important point, to prevent the picture from always changing as the loop reruns, a 'trigger window' is automatically made where a random number 
is generated and displayed through out the start - end window. This makes sure a random number isnt constantly generated. In between the morning afternoon
and evening slots, the 4th list of pictures will run every 10 min, I think, im not sure why/how a certain varible is even defined.

Mode 2:

This only takes pictures from the "test" list and makes a slideshow every 45 minutes (this time delay between pics can be ajusted if you want)

Edit - 22:30 16/11/2023 - something isnt working, seems simple i shall fix it and go to bed
Edit - 10:31 18/11/2023 - mode 2 works for sure - mode one also works: Thats why they call me the top g (They dont)

Credits:
Thank you to Sumit and Iceman!
                                                                                                                              
